add TTL discussion to Availability section (#20)
ietf-wg-dance/draft-dance-architecture: draft-ietf-dance-architecture.md

## Availability

One of the advantages of DNS is that it has more than fourty years of demonstrated scaling.
It is a distributed database with a caching mechanism, and properly configured, it has proven resilient to many kinds of outages and attacks.

A key part of this availability is the proper use of Time To Live (TTL) values for resource records.
A cache is allowed to hang on to the data for a set time, the TTL, after which it must do a new query to find out if the data has changed, or perhaps been deleted.

There is therefore a tension between resilience (higher TTL values), and agility (lower TTL values).
A lower TTL value allows for revocation or replacement of a key to become known much faster.
This allows for a more agile security posture.

> On the other hand, lower TTLs cause the queries to occur more often, which reveals more information to an observer about which devices are active.

Author: ```suggestion
On the other hand, lower TTLs cause the queries to occur more often, which may reveal more information to an observer about which devices are active.
Encrypted transports like DoT/DoH/DoQ make these queries far less visible.
```
